Man: OUR ENEMIES
HAVE BEEN TESTED.
OUR ALLIES ARE IN PLACE.
THE HOUR IS UPON US.
IT'S TIME TO COVER
THE WORLD IN SHADOW.
WHICH OF YOU WILL LEAD
US TO BATTLE?
I'LL BE THE FIRST
TO GO, MASTER...
NIGHTSHROUD...SO BE IT.
I WILL NOT FAIL.
ACADEMY ISLAND'S PRIZE...
WILL BE OURS.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
HUH?
AND SO...IT BEGINS.
THE FIGHT...THE WAR...
HA HA HA!
HMM?
[SNORING]
AAH!
ROOM FOR...
ONE MORE?
HUH?
[MUMBLING]
I REALLY DON'T GET
IT, CHUM...
THERE'S THUNDER,
LIGHTNING...
HOW CAN
JADEN SLEEP?!
UH, SY?
FORGET THE GUY
WHO CAN SLEEP...
THINK ABOUT
THE GUY WHO CAN'T!
HOLD ME!
OHH!
TIME TO GET UP.
FOR THE NEXT CLASS?
OF COURSE NOT!
FOR LUNCH!
OH YEAH...
THE ONE SUBJECT
I CAN'T GET
ENOUGH OF!
JUST A MOMENT
THERE, JADEN.
I'M AFRAID YOUR LUNCH
WILL HAVE TO WAIT...
IT SEEMS CHANCELLOR SHEPPARD
WANTS A WORD WITH YOU.
HUH?
JADEN...I'LL WATCH
YOUR LUNCH FOR YOU.
'SPECIALLY IF YOU HAVE
A SIDE OF GRILLED CHEESE
IN THERE!
YOU WISH!
CHANCELLOR SHEPPARD?
AW...JADEN...
WHAT'D YOU DO?!
MAYBE IT'S GOOD!
LIKE AN AWARD!
HEH HEH! NO WAY.
IT'S NEVER GOOD NEWS
WITH SHEPPARD.
YOU ARE SO BUSTED.
ACTUALLY, CHAZZ...
HE WANTS TO SEE YOU, TOO!
HE WHA?
AND TWO OTHERS...
YOU, BASTION...
AND YOU, ALEXIS.
THIS DOESN'T
SOUND GOOD...
Jaden: UH, WE'RE NOT
GONNA MAKE A RUN
FOR IT
PROFESSOR BANNER...
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO ESCORT US
TO CHANCELLOR
SHEPPARD'S OFFICE...
YES, I DO...
YOU SEE, HE WANTS
TO SEE ME, AS WELL!
Crowler: WELL, WELL!
LOOK AT THIS
CONVOCATION OF STUDENTS!
SOME OF THE BEST DUELISTS
IN THE SCHOOL, I SEE.
UH-OH! WHICH ONE
OF THESE
IS NOT LIKE
THE OTHER...
CLEARLY SOMEONE HERE
IS A LITTLE BIT LOST.
HE IS NOT.
CHAZZ WAS INVITED!
HE MEANS YOU!
THREE SACRED
WHAT CARDS?!
BEASTS. AND DUE
TO THEIR IMMENSE POWER...
THEIR COLOSSAL MIGHT...
THEY'VE WERE HIDDEN HERE.
SWEET! LIKE, UNDER
SOMEONE'S MATTRESS
OR IN A COOKIE JAR?
HEY!
LET HIM FINISH!
THEY'RE NOT
IN A COOKIE JAR.
THEY'RE ACTUALLY MUCH CLOSER
THAN YOU'D EVER THINK.
RIGHT BELOW YOU.
[ALL GASP]
YOU SEE, THIS ACADEMY WAS
BUILT IN PART TO PROTECT
THE SACRED BEAST CARDS.
THEY WERE BURIED DEEP
UNDERGROUND,
THEIR POWERS SEALED
SAFELY AWAY.
AFTER ALL, LEGEND SAYS
IF THESE CARDS
EVER SEE THE LIGHT OF DAY,
TERRIBLE THINGS WILL HAPPEN...
BUILDINGS WILL CRUMBLE.
LIGHT WILL FADE.
SOULS WILL FALL.
OUR WORLD WILL BE NO MORE.
[GULP]
NO MORE?
HMM.
SO WHERE ARE
THESE CARDS?
I SAY WE TAKE 'EM
OUT FOR A SPIN!
HAVEN'T YOU BEEN
LISTENING?!
SO THIS WHY THE SEVEN
OF YOU ARE HERE--
TO PROTECT THESE THREE CARDS
FROM THE WICKED ONES.
THE WICKED ONES?
THAT'S RIGHT.
SEVEN DUELISTS KNOWN AS
THE SHADOW RIDERS
WHO COVET THESE CARDS.
AND I'M AFRAID ONE
OF THEM IS ALREADY HERE.
HE ARRIVED IN THE THICK
OF LAST NIGHT'S STORM.
NATURALLY.
OKAY. SO HOW DO WE
PROTECT THESE CARDS?
BY PROTECTING...
THE SEVEN SPIRIT GATES.
TO GET TO THE CARDS,
ONE MUST UNLOCK THEM...
AND TO UNLOCK THEM ONE MUST GAIN
THE SEVEN KEYS FOR EACH GATE.
THAT IS HOW WE WILL
PROTECT THOSE CARDS.
BY PROTECTING THE KEYS.
AND HERE THEY ARE.
ONE FOR EACH
OF YOU TO GUARD.
[ALL GASP]
WAIT, SO...
WE HOLD THE KEYS?
WON'T THAT
MAKE US TARGETS?
IT'S TRUE...
WITH THESE KEYS....
THE SHADOW RIDERS
WILL SEEK YOU OUT.
UH, SEEK US OUT?
YOU MEAN
TAKE US OUT.
ONLY...IN A DUEL!
A DUEL?!
[ALL GASPING]
THAT'S RIGHT,
FORTUNATELY FOR OUR SIDE,
THE KEYS CAN'T SIMPLY BE STOLEN!
AN ANCIENT EDICT COMMANDS
THE KEYS MUST BE WON IN A DUEL.
AND SO, I'VE CALLED
ON OUR SCHOOL'S SEVEN BEST,
TO TAKE UP THIS CHALLENGE
AND FIGHT THE GOOD FIGHT!
WELL...FIVE BEST, REALLY,
BUT I NEEDED SEVEN
SO, YOU KNOW...
HE CERTAINLY
DOESN'T MEAN ME!
OF COURSE, IF ANY OF YOU DON'T
THINK YOU'RE UP TO IT...
AND FEEL LIKE
BACKING OUT...
I WON'T BLAME YOU.
AFTER ALL, THESE
SHADOW RIDERS...PLAY FOR KEEPS.
SO...WHO FEELS
LIKE SAVING THE WORLD?
HMM.
HA HA! COUNT ME IN!
HOW 'BOUT THAT!
IT'S MY SIZE!
I TOO, ACCEPT.
HMM.
IT WOULD BE MY HONOR.
I DON'T WANT YOU BOYS
HAVING ALL THE FUN!
HMM.
HOW COULD I REFUSE?!
I MEAN, OUR VERY
WORLD IS AT STAKE!
OUR WAY OF LIFE!
THE FUTURE
OF THE SCHOOL!
AND, IF I SAID NO,
I WOULDN'T GET
THIS VERY POSH PIECE
OF JEWELRY!
YES, WELL...GOOD TO KNOW
YOU'RE DOING IT
FOR THE RIGHT REASONS,
KIND OF...
WELL THEN!
I'M THE LAST ONE!
HMM. HMM.
[MEOW]
WELL LET'S GET STARTED!
I THINK THAT THE BEST
DUELIST SHOULD GO FIRST
SO THAT WOULD MEAN...
WELL, ME!
YOU?! YOU COULDN'T
BEAT A DRUM!
OBVIOUSLY, I SHOULD
DUEL FIRST...
IF NOT, I SAY ZANE.
AFTER ALL, HE DID
BEAT JADEN.
YES, THAT'S RIGHT!
I KNOW ALL ABOUT THE LITTLE
MATCH YOU HAD WITH ZANE.
AND I SAY LITTLE BECAUSE...
I HEARD YOU LOST TO HIM
IN NO TIME AT ALL!
HOW PATHETIC!
HMM.
EH, FORGET 'EM BOTH.
I'M CLEARLY
THE BEST CHOICE.
THERE'S NO CHOICE!
THIS ISN'T SOME TOURNAMENT
WHERE WE CHOOSE
WHO GOES FIRST!
THIS IS WAR--YOU CAN BE
ATTACKED BY YOUR ENEMY
AT ANY TIME, AT ANY PLACE!
SO, MY STUDENTS,
BE ON GUARD.
SO THAT'S PRETTY
MUCH THE STORY, GUYS!
PRETTY SWEET, HUH?!
SO NOW, I JUST WAIT!
AREN'T YOU SCARED?
NO JOKE!
CREEPY SHADOW GUYS
LOOKING TO BEAT YOU
SO THEY CAN DESTROY
THE ENTIRE WORLD?!
I MEAN, THAT'S
PRETTY INTENSE!
AND NOT TO MENTION
EXHAUSTIN'!
[YAWN]
WHICH IS WHY...I'M
GONNA HIT THE HAY!
WHAT?!
WAIT A SEC.
YOU CAN'T JUST GO
TO SLEEP RIGHT NOW!
I MEAN WHAT IF
A SHADOW RIDER
SHOWS, JADEN?
HUH? I'M SURE THEY'LL
WAKE ME UP.
I ONLY HOPE...
IT'S NOT BEFORE TEN--
ACTUALLY, MAKE THAT ELEVEN,
SO I HAVE TIME
TO SHOWER AND STUFF.
WOW, JAY...
YOU SURE SEEM CHILL.
HEY, NO WAIT...
MAYBE TWELVE.
SO I CAN HAVE
BREAKFAST, TOO.
THE FATE OF THE WORLD'S
IN YOUR HANDS...
MAYBE YOU CAN
SKIP BREAKFAST?
HUH?
SY'S RIGHT...
AND I'D BE HAPPY
TO LOOK AFTER IT FOR YA.
YEAH SURE, CHUM...
OK, NOW THAT THAT'S
SETTLED...
I'M GONNA SETTLE
MYSELF BETWEEN
THE SHEETS...
I'LL SEE YOU GUYS
TOMORROW...
WHEN I SAVE
THE WORLD...
AT LEAST HE'LL BE
WELL-RESTED...
[THINKING]
IF WHAT CHANCELLOR
SHEPPARD SAID WAS RIGHT
AND IT'S THESE SHADOW
RIDERS WHO DECIDE WHO TO DUEL...
THEN ODDS ARE THEY'LL
GO FOR WHO THEY THINK
IS WEAKEST FIRST.
AND WITH THAT SLIFER RED
JACKET, THAT'S JADEN...
I'VE GOT TO WARN HIM.
HMM.
[SNORING]
[HOOTING]
WHOA, KURIBOH...
CAN YOU KEEP IT DOWN?
HMM.
HUH? OHH!
WHOA!
GUYS! WAKE UP!
SY! COME ON!
CHUM! YOU GOTTA
CHECK THIS OUT!
OHH!
WOW!
JADEN!
HUH?
[NIGHTSHROUD LAUGHING]
WHAT'S HAPPENING?!
THE FIRST DUEL
IS HAPPENING...
OW.
WHERE ARE WE?!
IN ONE VERY WEIRD DREAM.
[BOTH GASP]
[GROWLS]
OR NIGHTMARE...
Nightshroud: IT'S NEITHER!
HA HA HA!
WHAT'S GOIN' ON?!
YOU MEAN
YOU DON'T KNOW?!
CALL ME
A SLOW LEARNER.
AND CALL ME NIGHTSHROUD!
NIGHTSHROUD?
I'LL BE THE ONE
TAKING THAT KEY
YOU HAVE
AROUND YOUR NECK!
WOW, YOU GUYS DON'T
WASTE MUCH TIME, DO YA?!
HMM.
NICE MEDALLION.
THE GRAVEKEEPER...
MUST BE GETTING SLOPPY.
BUT IF YOU THINK
YOU'LL BE ABLE
TO BEAT ME...
AS EASY AS YOU
BEAT HIM,
YOU HAVE
ANOTHER THING COMING.
I'LL GET THAT KEY.
AND I'LL GET IT NOW.
OH, AND TO JUST
MAKE SURE OF THAT...
I BROUGHT FRIENDS...
WHAT'S THAT MEAN?
OHH!
HERE! SAY HELLO TO
SYRUS AND CHUMLEY!
OH NO...
Syrus: JADEN!
Chumley: HELP US!
[WHIMPERING]
NO!
HOLD ON!
LOOKS LIKE THEY'RE
IN HOT WATER.
OR MAYBE I SHOULD
SAY HOT MOLTEN LAVA!
BUT THEN, SUCH
IS THE NATURE
OF A SHADOW GAME,
KEY-KEEPER!
SHADOW GAME?!
LISTEN...JUST DUEL ME!
BUT LET THEM GO!
I DON'T THINK SO!
I NEED THEM TO INSURE
A SPEEDY MATCH.
AFTER ALL...
THAT PROTECTION
ORB THEY'RE IN...
WELL, LET'S JUST SAY
THAT IT'S NOT EXACTLY
BUILT TO LAST.
OH, AND...I'M AFRAID
THAT THERE'S MORE, TOO.
FOR YOU SEE...
ALSO AT STAKE...
IS YOUR SOUL.
WHICH WILL BE SEALED
IN THIS CARD WHEN YOU LOSE.
OF COURSE, IF I LOSE...
THEN MY SOUL WILL BE SEALED.
BUT, HEY...LET'S BE
HONEST WITH OURSELVES.
ME LOSE?
NO WAY.
NOW THEN...SHALL WE?
YOU CAN'T AGREE
TO THIS!
TELL THAT TO
SYRUS AND CHUMLEY!
THEY'RE ABOUT TO
BECOME MEATBALLS
IN A LAVA STEW!
THEY'RE MY FRIENDS,
AND I'M NOT GONNA
LET THAT HAPPEN
TO THEM, OR US.
BESIDES, IT'S NOT LIKE THIS
IS MY FIRST SHADOW GAME.
I'M JUST HOPIN', IT DOESN'T
HURT AS BAD AS THE OTHERS!
[GROWLS]
AAH!
WHAT'S HAPPENING?!
HA HA HA!
OHH!
ATTACK!
WITH DOOMSDAY PURGE!
[SCREAMING]
OKAY PAL, YOU WANNA DUEL?
YOU GOT IT!
GOOD LUCK, JAY!
AND JUST LET US KNOW...
YOU KNOW, IF WE CAN HELP.
UH, YEAH, THANKS, CHUM.
BUT I THINK I GOT
ALL THE HELP I NEED
RIGHT HERE IN MY DECK!
AAH!
ALRIGHT!
LET'S THROW DOWN!
GET YOUR GAME ON!
YOU WANNA SEE GAME?
HOW'S THIS?
HE'S CALLED TROOP DRAGON
AND I'LL HAVE HIM DEFEND ME,
PLUS I'LL PLACE A FACEDOWN
WHILE I'M AT IT.
NOT BAD. HYAH!
BUT HOW'S HE GONNA
STACK UP AGAINST
MY DRAGON SLAYER:
ELEMENTAL HERO
WILDHEART!
SHOW 'IM THAT BIG
BAD SWORD ISN'T
JUST FOR SHOW!
ATTAAAACK!
[GROWLING]
OH, YOU KNOW, THERE WAS
SOMETHING THAT I FORGOT
TO MENTION...
THE TROOP DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
LETS ME SUMMON
ANOTHER TROOP DRAGON
WHENEVER HE'S SENT
TO THE GRAVEYARD!
[GROWLS]
AW. HENCE
THE WORD TROOP...
THAT'S RIGHT...
AND I'M NOT DONE YET!
NOW I'LL PLAY MY FACEDOWN:
CALL OF THE HAUNTED!
THIS LET'S ME DIG
FROM MY GRAVEYARD...
A MONSTER THAT
WAS PREVIOUSLY DESTROYED...
SUCH AS...
THE TROOP DRAGON!
[GROWLS]
BUT WAIT! THERE'S MUCH MORE
WHERE THAT CAME FROM!
NOW I'LL TRADE IN MY
TROOP DRAGONS TO SUMMON...
SUMMON WHAT?!
AW, BOY...
THE RED EYES BLACK DRAGON!
[ROARING]
[SCREAMING]
IT'S COOL, SY...
THE WALL'S STILL
IN ONE PIECE.
AAH!
THOUGH IT'S
A SMALLER PIECE!
IT'S...DISAPPEARING!
[ROARS]
OHH!
NOW, RED EYES!
ATTACK WILDHEART!
INFERNO FIRE BLAST!
[ROARS]
AAH!
[GROANING]
JADEN!
HEY THAT HURT!
THAT'S RIGHT!
AND IT'S ABOUT TO HURT
A LOT MORE, KEY-KEEPER!
BECAUSE THE TRUE PAIN...
IS ABOUT TO BEGIN!
COME ON HURRY UP
AND MAKE YOUR MOVE!
I'VE GOT A DOOMSDAY
TO START.
JADEN!
DOOMSDAY?!
I'M TOO YOUNG!
COME ON...
SORRY, NIGHTSHROUD!
BUT THE ONLY DOOM
THAT'S COMIN'
AROUND HERE
IS TO YOUR MONSTER!
MY DRAW! HYAH!
ALL RIGHT!
I PLAY THE SPELL
CARD: POLYMERIZATION!
AND...WITH CLAYMAN
AND BURSTINATRIX
IN MY HAND...
I'LL FUSE THEM
TO CREATE...
THE ELEMENTAL HERO
RAMPART BLASTER!
AND EVEN
IN DEFENSE MODE,
SHE CAN STILL
BLAST YOU
WITH HALF HER
ATTACK POINTS!
SO GO AHEAD AND LET
HIM HAVE IT, BLASTER!
AND DON'T PULL
ANY FIREPOWER!
RAMPART BARRAGE!
UNH!
YES!
AND DON'T FORGET
SHE'S STILL IN DEFENSE!
SO IF YA WANNA GET
TO ME...
YOU'LL HAVE TO
GET THROUGH HER.
PRETTY SWEET THERE,
DONTCHA THINK?
HMMM. OKAY...
MAYBE NOT SO SWEET
FOR YOU,
BUT YOU KNOW
WHAT I MEAN!
ENOUGH! UNH!
YOU FOOL!
THAT BLASTER DOESN'T
CHANGE A THING!
BUT YOU CAN BET
THIS NEXT CARD WILL.
IT'S GOING TO CHANGE
YOUR LIFE POINTS, JADEN.
OH, AND NOT
IN A GOOD WAY!
YOU SEE, JADEN,
YOUR BLASTER CAN'T
PROTECT YOU FROM
MY RED EYES' ATTACK!
ALRIGHT, I'LL BITE,
WHY NOT?
BECAUSE THIS TIME
HIS ATTACK IS
AN ACTUAL CARD!
INFERNO FIRE BLAST!
A CARD?!
LOOK OUT!
NOT LISHUS!
AAH!
[MOANING]
[GROANING]
NICE CARD, HUH?
IT'S JUST AS STRONG
AS MY RED EYES' ATTACK...
THE ONLY DIFFERENCE IS,
IT HITS YOUR LIFE POINTS
DIRECTLY!
AND I'M NOT THROUGH
WITH YOU YET, KEY-KEEPER!
NEXT I SUMMON
ATTACHMENT DRAGON!
BUT DON'T WORRY.
HE'S NOT
THE ATTACKING TYPE, SEE,
LIKE HIS NAME SUGGESTS...
HE'S A LOT MORE
OF THE ATTACHING TYPE!
SHOW HIM, DRAGON!
[SCREECHING]
BLASTER'S MADE
A NEW FRIEND.
A FRIEND THAT FORCES
HER INTO ATTACK MODE!
AND BECAUSE SHE IS...
NO MORE DIRECT ATTACKS!
OH NO...
[MOANING]
[SCREAMING]
THIS THING...
IT'S GOING GONEZO!
AW, MAN...
SO HOT!
NOW I KNOW WHAT
GRILLED CHEESE FEELS LIKE!
JADEN!
[PANTING]
ALL RIGHT, MY TURN!
HYAH!
[THINKING]
AND FROM THE RATE THAT
ORB IS DISAPPEARIN'...
MAYBE MY LAST CHANCE
TO SAVE MY FRIENDS...
AND THE WORLD!
OHH.